Update bulk-import-external-contacts.md (#9290)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/bulk-import-external-contacts.md

> 3. Run the following two commands to add the other properties from the CSV file to the external contacts that you created in Step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command to add the other properties from the CSV file to the external contacts that you created in Step 2.
```
